Different types of inputs to control the Carplay.
Touch , Knobs and Controls or Tuchpad, voice

Touch: Directly interaction with user interface, Car sends x and y coordinates each single touch and calculate and 
       give the High-fidelity or Low-fidelity touch screen, if we have touch two fingers will take latest finger touch to the phone, 
       as of now it suports multi touch.

Knobs and Controls : Required features are rotatig knob or touchpad, back, select.

Multiple User Inuts: CarPlay automatically adusts its user interface to match user inputs,
ex: Touchscreen (its allways consider the latest movement/coordinates): Touchscreen only , 
Touchscreen and rotating knob , touchscreen , rotating knob and touchpad.

voice: Activate siri button to communicate phone.

How the carply works:

It will communicate 4 ways to apple

What ever we are seeig on the carply screen is directly streaming video from the apple phone 
which is listen Head unit streaming mechaninsum via BT / WIFI or USB protocals.


Phone will communicate first head unit through IP there is module having NCM (Network Control Module )
NCM running inside the head uinit, we consider the phone is one of the IP device.


Communication plug-in  :  It is source code which is provided by Apple, there is a in-built protocal directly communicate with apple phones, 
                          so this communication plug-in communicate with all the head units.


In communication plug-in we are writing on appilication to control audio (send/recive) and video(recive) from the apple phone to the carplay screen. 


There is an other way to provided a data to the apple phone is iAP2.
iAp2 (Interface Accessory Protocol)is a apple protocal , this will be used to directly communicate with phone to recive/send metadata and sensors data.

metadata: It is like audio and video tracks info, duration ect...under metadata , 
this will directly communicate with head unit(Phone is one of the head unit)


There are two bacic mechanisums our Carplay communicates.
Communication plug-in and iAp2

To devolop a Carplay appilication required keys. 
High resolution display , Speakers and Microphones, User input, Sensors, Connection to iPhone.

High Resolution Disply:
Apple currently suports 800x480 , 960x540 , 1280x720 and 1920x720 , as of now we have restrict one of the screen resolution 
means we have to maitain above pixel density.
Based on pixel density icons are arraged auomatically which is provided by apple itself.


Speakers and Microphones:
mainly speakers and micro phones are two ways to send/recive audio.
main audio and Alternate audio.

main audio: 
It is like stereo and mono , stereo means phone to head unit output from phone to head uinit, 
mono means head unit to phone input to the phone from the head unit.

Alternate audio:
It is like type of notification sound, its suports mono and stereo.

for decoding or encoding audio using below 
Wired CarPlay - uses LPCM decoder.
Wireless CarPlay - uses AAC-LC for media, OPUS or AAC-ELD for all audio.




